Use printed query for deduplication, cache print calls (#10968)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/rude-frogs-destroy.md

---
'@apollo/client': patch
---

> Use printed query for query deduplication, generally cache `print` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use printed query for query deduplication. Cache `print` calls for GraphQL documents to speed up repeated operations.
```

Minor change to add a bit more detail :)
